and the Lord said to Moses speak to the
priests the sons of Aaron and say to
them none shall defile himself for the
dead among his people except for his
relatives who are nearest to him his
mother his father his son his daughter
and his brother also his virgin sister
who is near to him who has had no
husband for her he may defile himself
otherwise he shall not defile himself
being a chief man among his people to
profane himself they shall not make any
bald place on their heads nor shall they
shave the edges of their beards nor make
any cuttings in their flesh they shall
be holy to their God and not profane the
name of their God for they offer the
offerings of the Lord made by fire and
the bread of their God
therefore they shall be holy they shall
not take a wife who is a harlot or a
defiled woman nor shall they take a
woman divorced from her husband for the
priest is holy to his God therefore you
shall consecrate him for he offers the
bread of York
he shall be holy to you for I the Lord
who sanctify you am holy the daughter of
any priest if she profanes herself by
playing the harlot she profanes her
father she shall be burned with fire he
who is the high priest among his
brethren on whose head the anointing oil
was poured and who is consecrated to
wear the garments shall not uncover his
head not tear his clothes nor shall he
go near any dead body nor defile himself
for his father or his mother nor shall
he go out of the sanctuary nor profane
the sanctuary of his God for the
consecration of the anointing oil of his
God is upon him I am the Lord and he
shall take a wife in her virginity a
widow or a divorced woman or a defiled
woman or a harlot these he shall not
marry but he shall take a virgin of his
own people as wife nor shall he profane
his posterity among his people for I the
Lord sanctify him and the Lord spoke to
Moses speak to Aaron saying no man of
your descendants in succeeding
generations who has any defect may
approach to offer the bread of his God
for any man who has a defect shall not
approach a man blind or lame who has a
mod face or any limb too long a man who
has a broken foot or broken hand or is a
hunchback or a dwarf or a man who has a
defect in his eye or eczema or scab or
is a eunuch
no man of the descendents of air and the
priest who has a defect shall come near
to offer the offerings made by fire to
the Lord he has a defect he shall not
come near to offer the bread of his God
he may eat the bread of his God both the
most holy and the holy only he shall not
go near the veil or approach the altar
because he has a defect lest he profaned
my centuries for I the Lord sanctify
them and Moses told it to Aaron and his
sons and to all the children of Israel